d:\Users\Renato\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CrudDDDModalRxCustom\src\EP.CrudModalDDD.UI.Mvc\bin\EP.CrudModalDDD.UI.Mvc.dll.config
d:\Users\Renato\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CrudDDDModalRxCustom\src\EP.CrudModalDDD.UI.Mvc\bin\EP.CrudModalDDD.UI.Mvc.dll
d:\Users\Renato\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CrudDDDModalRxCustom\src\EP.CrudModalDDD.UI.Mvc\bin\EP.CrudModalDDD.UI.Mvc.pdb
d:\Users\Renato\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CrudDDDModalRxCustom\src\EP.CrudModalDDD.UI.Mvc\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
d:\Users\Renato\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CrudDDDModalRxCustom\src\EP.CrudModalDDD.UI.Mvc\bin\DomainNotificationHelper.dll
d:\Users\Renato\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CrudDDDModalRxCustom\src\EP.CrudModalDDD.UI.Mvc\bin\EntityFramework.dll
d:\Users\Renato\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CrudDDDModalRxCustom\src\EP.CrudModalDDD.UI.Mvc\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
d:\Users\Renato\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CrudDDDModalRxCustom\src\EP.CrudModalDDD.UI.Mvc\bin\EP.CrudModalDDD.Application.dll
d:\Users\Renato\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CrudDDDModalRxCustom\src\EP.CrudModalDDD.UI.Mvc\bin\EP.CrudModalDDD.Infra.CrossCutting.IoC.dll
d:\Users\Renato\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CrudDDDModalRxCustom\src\EP.CrudModalDDD.UI.Mvc\bin\EP.CrudModalDDD.Infra.CrossCutting.Logging.dll
d:\Users\Renato\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CrudDDDModalRxCustom\src\EP.CrudModalDDD.UI.Mvc\bin\EP.CrudModalDDD.Infra.CrossCutting.MvcFilters.dll
d:\Users\Renato\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CrudDDDModalRxCustom\src\EP.CrudModalDDD.UI.Mvc\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.dll
d:\Users\Renato\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CrudDDDModalRxCustom\src\EP.CrudModalDDD.UI.Mvc\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.dll
d:\Users\Renato\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CrudDDDModalRxCustom\src\EP.CrudModalDDD.UI.Mvc\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.dll
d:\Users\Renato\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CrudDDDModalRxCustom\src\EP.CrudModalDDD.UI.Mvc\bin\Microsoft.Owin.dll
d:\Users\Renato\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CrudDDDModalRxCustom\src\EP.CrudModalDDD.UI.Mvc\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.dll
d:\Users\Renato\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CrudDDDModalRxCustom\src\EP.CrudModalDDD.UI.Mvc\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.dll
d:\Users\Renato\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CrudDDDModalRxCustom\src\EP.CrudModalDDD.UI.Mvc\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.dll
d:\Users\Renato\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CrudDDDModalRxCustom\src\EP.CrudModalDDD.UI.Mvc\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Facebook.dll
d:\Users\Renato\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CrudDDDModalRxCustom\src\EP.CrudModalDDD.UI.Mvc\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Google.dll
d:\Users\Renato\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CrudDDDModalRxCustom\src\EP.CrudModalDDD.UI.Mvc\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.MicrosoftAccount.dll
d:\Users\Renato\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CrudDDDModalRxCustom\src\EP.CrudModalDDD.UI.Mvc\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.dll
d:\Users\Renato\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CrudDDDModalRxCustom\src\EP.CrudModalDDD.UI.Mvc\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Twitter.dll
d:\Users\Renato\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CrudDDDModalRxCustom\src\EP.CrudModalDDD.UI.Mvc\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
d:\Users\Renato\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CrudDDDModalRxCustom\src\EP.CrudModalDDD.UI.Mvc\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
d:\Users\Renato\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CrudDDDModalRxCustom\src\EP.CrudModalDDD.UI.Mvc\bin\Owin.dll
d:\Users\Renato\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CrudDDDModalRxCustom\src\EP.CrudModalDDD.UI.Mvc\bin\SharedKernel.dll
d:\Users\Renato\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CrudDDDModalRxCustom\src\EP.CrudModalDDD.UI.Mvc\bin\SimpleInjector.dll
d:\Users\Renato\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CrudDDDModalRxCustom\src\EP.CrudModalDDD.UI.Mvc\bin\SimpleInjector.Integration.Web.dll
d:\Users\Renato\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CrudDDDModalRxCustom\src\EP.CrudModalDDD.UI.Mvc\bin\SimpleInjector.Integration.Web.Mvc.dll
d:\Users\Renato\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CrudDDDModalRxCustom\src\EP.CrudModalDDD.UI.Mvc\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
d:\Users\Renato\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CrudDDDModalRxCustom\src\EP.CrudModalDDD.UI.Mvc\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
d:\Users\Renato\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CrudDDDModalRxCustom\src\EP.CrudModalDDD.UI.Mvc\bin\System.Web.Http.dll
d:\Users\Renato\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CrudDDDModalRxCustom\src\EP.CrudModalDDD.UI.Mvc\bin\System.Web.Http.Owin.dll
d:\Users\Renato\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CrudDDDModalRxCustom\src\EP.CrudModalDDD.UI.Mvc\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
d:\Users\Renato\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CrudDDDModalRxCustom\src\EP.CrudModalDDD.UI.Mvc\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
d:\Users\Renato\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CrudDDDModalRxCustom\src\EP.CrudModalDDD.UI.Mvc\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
d:\Users\Renato\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CrudDDDModalRxCustom\src\EP.CrudModalDDD.UI.Mvc\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
d:\Users\Renato\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CrudDDDModalRxCustom\src\EP.CrudModalDDD.UI.Mvc\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
d:\Users\Renato\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CrudDDDModalRxCustom\src\EP.CrudModalDDD.UI.Mvc\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
d:\Users\Renato\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CrudDDDModalRxCustom\src\EP.CrudModalDDD.UI.Mvc\bin\WebActivator.dll
d:\Users\Renato\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CrudDDDModalRxCustom\src\EP.CrudModalDDD.UI.Mvc\bin\WebGrease.dll
d:\Users\Renato\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CrudDDDModalRxCustom\src\EP.CrudModalDDD.UI.Mvc\bin\EP.CrudModalDDD.Infra.Data.dll
d:\Users\Renato\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CrudDDDModalRxCustom\src\EP.CrudModalDDD.UI.Mvc\bin\EP.CrudModalDDD.Domain.dll
d:\Users\Renato\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CrudDDDModalRxCustom\src\EP.CrudModalDDD.UI.Mvc\bin\AutoMapper.dll
d:\Users\Renato\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CrudDDDModalRxCustom\src\EP.CrudModalDDD.UI.Mvc\bin\Dapper.dll
d:\Users\Renato\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CrudDDDModalRxCustom\src\EP.CrudModalDDD.UI.Mvc\bin\DomainNotificationHelper.Validation.dll
d:\Users\Renato\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CrudDDDModalRxCustom\src\EP.CrudModalDDD.UI.Mvc\bin\EP.CrudModalDDD.Application.pdb
d:\Users\Renato\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CrudDDDModalRxCustom\src\EP.CrudModalDDD.UI.Mvc\bin\EP.CrudModalDDD.Infra.CrossCutting.IoC.pdb
d:\Users\Renato\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CrudDDDModalRxCustom\src\EP.CrudModalDDD.UI.Mvc\bin\EP.CrudModalDDD.Infra.CrossCutting.IoC.dll.config
d:\Users\Renato\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CrudDDDModalRxCustom\src\EP.CrudModalDDD.UI.Mvc\bin\EP.CrudModalDDD.Infra.CrossCutting.Logging.pdb
d:\Users\Renato\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CrudDDDModalRxCustom\src\EP.CrudModalDDD.UI.Mvc\bin\EP.CrudModalDDD.Infra.CrossCutting.Logging.dll.config
d:\Users\Renato\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CrudDDDModalRxCustom\src\EP.CrudModalDDD.UI.Mvc\bin\EP.CrudModalDDD.Infra.CrossCutting.MvcFilters.pdb
d:\Users\Renato\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CrudDDDModalRxCustom\src\EP.CrudModalDDD.UI.Mvc\bin\SharedKernel.pdb
d:\Users\Renato\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CrudDDDModalRxCustom\src\EP.CrudModalDDD.UI.Mvc\bin\SimpleInjector.xml
d:\Users\Renato\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CrudDDDModalRxCustom\src\EP.CrudModalDDD.UI.Mvc\bin\SimpleInjector.Integration.Web.xml
d:\Users\Renato\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CrudDDDModalRxCustom\src\EP.CrudModalDDD.UI.Mvc\bin\SimpleInjector.Integration.Web.Mvc.xml
d:\Users\Renato\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CrudDDDModalRxCustom\src\EP.CrudModalDDD.UI.Mvc\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
d:\Users\Renato\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CrudDDDModalRxCustom\src\EP.CrudModalDDD.UI.Mvc\bin\System.Web.Http.xml
d:\Users\Renato\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CrudDDDModalRxCustom\src\EP.CrudModalDDD.UI.Mvc\bin\System.Web.Http.Owin.xml
d:\Users\Renato\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CrudDDDModalRxCustom\src\EP.CrudModalDDD.UI.Mvc\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
d:\Users\Renato\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CrudDDDModalRxCustom\src\EP.CrudModalDDD.UI.Mvc\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
d:\Users\Renato\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CrudDDDModalRxCustom\src\EP.CrudModalDDD.UI.Mvc\bin\System.Web.Optimization.xml
d:\Users\Renato\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CrudDDDModalRxCustom\src\EP.CrudModalDDD.UI.Mvc\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
d:\Users\Renato\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CrudDDDModalRxCustom\src\EP.CrudModalDDD.UI.Mvc\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
d:\Users\Renato\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CrudDDDModalRxCustom\src\EP.CrudModalDDD.UI.Mvc\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
d:\Users\Renato\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CrudDDDModalRxCustom\src\EP.CrudModalDDD.UI.Mvc\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
d:\Users\Renato\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CrudDDDModalRxCustom\src\EP.CrudModalDDD.UI.Mvc\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.pdb
d:\Users\Renato\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CrudDDDModalRxCustom\src\EP.CrudModalDDD.UI.Mvc\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
d:\Users\Renato\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CrudDDDModalRxCustom\src\EP.CrudModalDDD.UI.Mvc\bin\EntityFramework.xml
d:\Users\Renato\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CrudDDDModalRxCustom\src\EP.CrudModalDDD.UI.Mvc\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
d:\Users\Renato\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CrudDDDModalRxCustom\src\EP.CrudModalDDD.UI.Mvc\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.xml
d:\Users\Renato\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CrudDDDModalRxCustom\src\EP.CrudModalDDD.UI.Mvc\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.xml
d:\Users\Renato\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CrudDDDModalRxCustom\src\EP.CrudModalDDD.UI.Mvc\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.xml
d:\Users\Renato\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CrudDDDModalRxCustom\src\EP.CrudModalDDD.UI.Mvc\bin\Microsoft.Owin.xml
d:\Users\Renato\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CrudDDDModalRxCustom\src\EP.CrudModalDDD.UI.Mvc\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.xml
d:\Users\Renato\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CrudDDDModalRxCustom\src\EP.CrudModalDDD.UI.Mvc\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.xml
d:\Users\Renato\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CrudDDDModalRxCustom\src\EP.CrudModalDDD.UI.Mvc\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Facebook.xml
d:\Users\Renato\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CrudDDDModalRxCustom\src\EP.CrudModalDDD.UI.Mvc\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.xml
d:\Users\Renato\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CrudDDDModalRxCustom\src\EP.CrudModalDDD.UI.Mvc\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.xml
d:\Users\Renato\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CrudDDDModalRxCustom\src\EP.CrudModalDDD.UI.Mvc\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Google.xml
d:\Users\Renato\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CrudDDDModalRxCustom\src\EP.CrudModalDDD.UI.Mvc\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Twitter.xml
d:\Users\Renato\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CrudDDDModalRxCustom\src\EP.CrudModalDDD.UI.Mvc\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.MicrosoftAccount.xml
d:\Users\Renato\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CrudDDDModalRxCustom\src\EP.CrudModalDDD.UI.Mvc\bin\EP.CrudModalDDD.Infra.Data.pdb
d:\Users\Renato\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CrudDDDModalRxCustom\src\EP.CrudModalDDD.UI.Mvc\bin\EP.CrudModalDDD.Infra.Data.dll.config
d:\Users\Renato\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CrudDDDModalRxCustom\src\EP.CrudModalDDD.UI.Mvc\bin\EP.CrudModalDDD.Domain.pdb
d:\Users\Renato\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CrudDDDModalRxCustom\src\EP.CrudModalDDD.UI.Mvc\bin\AutoMapper.xml
d:\Users\Renato\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CrudDDDModalRxCustom\src\EP.CrudModalDDD.UI.Mvc\bin\Dapper.pdb
d:\Users\Renato\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CrudDDDModalRxCustom\src\EP.CrudModalDDD.UI.Mvc\bin\Dapper.xml
d:\Users\Renato\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CrudDDDModalRxCustom\src\EP.CrudModalDDD.UI.Mvc\obj\Debug\EP.CrudModalDDD.UI.Mvc.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
d:\Users\Renato\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CrudDDDModalRxCustom\src\EP.CrudModalDDD.UI.Mvc\obj\Debug\EP.CrudModalDDD.UI.Mvc.csproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
d:\Users\Renato\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CrudDDDModalRxCustom\src\EP.CrudModalDDD.UI.Mvc\obj\Debug\EP.CrudModalDDD.UI.Mvc.dll
d:\Users\Renato\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CrudDDDModalRxCustom\src\EP.CrudModalDDD.UI.Mvc\obj\Debug\EP.CrudModalDDD.UI.Mvc.pdb
D:\Users\Renato\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CrudDDDModalRxCustomRich\src\EP.CrudModalDDD.UI.Mvc\bin\EP.CrudModalDDD.UI.Mvc.dll.config
D:\Users\Renato\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CrudDDDModalRxCustomRich\src\EP.CrudModalDDD.UI.Mvc\bin\EP.CrudModalDDD.UI.Mvc.dll
D:\Users\Renato\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CrudDDDModalRxCustomRich\src\EP.CrudModalDDD.UI.Mvc\bin\EP.CrudModalDDD.UI.Mvc.pdb
D:\Users\Renato\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CrudDDDModalRxCustomRich\src\EP.CrudModalDDD.UI.Mvc\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
D:\Users\Renato\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CrudDDDModalRxCustomRich\src\EP.CrudModalDDD.UI.Mvc\bin\DomainNotificationHelper.dll
D:\Users\Renato\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CrudDDDModalRxCustomRich\src\EP.CrudModalDDD.UI.Mvc\bin\EntityFramework.dll
D:\Users\Renato\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CrudDDDModalRxCustomRich\src\EP.CrudModalDDD.UI.Mvc\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
D:\Users\Renato\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CrudDDDModalRxCustomRich\src\EP.CrudModalDDD.UI.Mvc\bin\EP.CrudModalDDD.Application.dll
D:\Users\Renato\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CrudDDDModalRxCustomRich\src\EP.CrudModalDDD.UI.Mvc\bin\EP.CrudModalDDD.Infra.CrossCutting.IoC.dll
D:\Users\Renato\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CrudDDDModalRxCustomRich\src\EP.CrudModalDDD.UI.Mvc\bin\EP.CrudModalDDD.Infra.CrossCutting.Logging.dll
D:\Users\Renato\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CrudDDDModalRxCustomRich\src\EP.CrudModalDDD.UI.Mvc\bin\EP.CrudModalDDD.Infra.CrossCutting.MvcFilters.dll
D:\Users\Renato\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CrudDDDModalRxCustomRich\src\EP.CrudModalDDD.UI.Mvc\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.dll
D:\Users\Renato\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CrudDDDModalRxCustomRich\src\EP.CrudModalDDD.UI.Mvc\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.dll
D:\Users\Renato\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CrudDDDModalRxCustomRich\src\EP.CrudModalDDD.UI.Mvc\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.dll
D:\Users\Renato\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CrudDDDModalRxCustomRich\src\EP.CrudModalDDD.UI.Mvc\bin\Microsoft.Owin.dll
D:\Users\Renato\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CrudDDDModalRxCustomRich\src\EP.CrudModalDDD.UI.Mvc\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.dll
D:\Users\Renato\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CrudDDDModalRxCustomRich\src\EP.CrudModalDDD.UI.Mvc\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.dll
D:\Users\Renato\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CrudDDDModalRxCustomRich\src\EP.CrudModalDDD.UI.Mvc\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.dll
D:\Users\Renato\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CrudDDDModalRxCustomRich\src\EP.CrudModalDDD.UI.Mvc\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Facebook.dll
D:\Users\Renato\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CrudDDDModalRxCustomRich\src\EP.CrudModalDDD.UI.Mvc\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Google.dll
D:\Users\Renato\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CrudDDDModalRxCustomRich\src\EP.CrudModalDDD.UI.Mvc\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.MicrosoftAccount.dll
D:\Users\Renato\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CrudDDDModalRxCustomRich\src\EP.CrudModalDDD.UI.Mvc\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.dll
D:\Users\Renato\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CrudDDDModalRxCustomRich\src\EP.CrudModalDDD.UI.Mvc\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Twitter.dll
D:\Users\Renato\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CrudDDDModalRxCustomRich\src\EP.CrudModalDDD.UI.Mvc\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
D:\Users\Renato\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CrudDDDModalRxCustomRich\src\EP.CrudModalDDD.UI.Mvc\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
D:\Users\Renato\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CrudDDDModalRxCustomRich\src\EP.CrudModalDDD.UI.Mvc\bin\Owin.dll
D:\Users\Renato\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CrudDDDModalRxCustomRich\src\EP.CrudModalDDD.UI.Mvc\bin\SharedKernel.dll
D:\Users\Renato\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CrudDDDModalRxCustomRich\src\EP.CrudModalDDD.UI.Mvc\bin\SimpleInjector.dll
D:\Users\Renato\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CrudDDDModalRxCustomRich\src\EP.CrudModalDDD.UI.Mvc\bin\SimpleInjector.Integration.Web.dll
D:\Users\Renato\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CrudDDDModalRxCustomRich\src\EP.CrudModalDDD.UI.Mvc\bin\SimpleInjector.Integration.Web.Mvc.dll
D:\Users\Renato\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CrudDDDModalRxCustomRich\src\EP.CrudModalDDD.UI.Mvc\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
D:\Users\Renato\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CrudDDDModalRxCustomRich\src\EP.CrudModalDDD.UI.Mvc\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
D:\Users\Renato\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CrudDDDModalRxCustomRich\src\EP.CrudModalDDD.UI.Mvc\bin\System.Web.Http.dll
D:\Users\Renato\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CrudDDDModalRxCustomRich\src\EP.CrudModalDDD.UI.Mvc\bin\System.Web.Http.Owin.dll
D:\Users\Renato\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CrudDDDModalRxCustomRich\src\EP.CrudModalDDD.UI.Mvc\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
D:\Users\Renato\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CrudDDDModalRxCustomRich\src\EP.CrudModalDDD.UI.Mvc\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
D:\Users\Renato\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CrudDDDModalRxCustomRich\src\EP.CrudModalDDD.UI.Mvc\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
D:\Users\Renato\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CrudDDDModalRxCustomRich\src\EP.CrudModalDDD.UI.Mvc\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
D:\Users\Renato\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CrudDDDModalRxCustomRich\src\EP.CrudModalDDD.UI.Mvc\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
D:\Users\Renato\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CrudDDDModalRxCustomRich\src\EP.CrudModalDDD.UI.Mvc\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
D:\Users\Renato\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CrudDDDModalRxCustomRich\src\EP.CrudModalDDD.UI.Mvc\bin\WebActivator.dll
D:\Users\Renato\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CrudDDDModalRxCustomRich\src\EP.CrudModalDDD.UI.Mvc\bin\WebGrease.dll
D:\Users\Renato\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CrudDDDModalRxCustomRich\src\EP.CrudModalDDD.UI.Mvc\bin\EP.CrudModalDDD.Domain.dll
D:\Users\Renato\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CrudDDDModalRxCustomRich\src\EP.CrudModalDDD.UI.Mvc\bin\AutoMapper.dll
D:\Users\Renato\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CrudDDDModalRxCustomRich\src\EP.CrudModalDDD.UI.Mvc\bin\EP.CrudModalDDD.Infra.Data.dll
D:\Users\Renato\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CrudDDDModalRxCustomRich\src\EP.CrudModalDDD.UI.Mvc\bin\DomainNotificationHelper.Validation.dll
D:\Users\Renato\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CrudDDDModalRxCustomRich\src\EP.CrudModalDDD.UI.Mvc\bin\Dapper.dll
D:\Users\Renato\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CrudDDDModalRxCustomRich\src\EP.CrudModalDDD.UI.Mvc\bin\EP.CrudModalDDD.Application.pdb
D:\Users\Renato\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CrudDDDModalRxCustomRich\src\EP.CrudModalDDD.UI.Mvc\bin\EP.CrudModalDDD.Infra.CrossCutting.IoC.pdb
D:\Users\Renato\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CrudDDDModalRxCustomRich\src\EP.CrudModalDDD.UI.Mvc\bin\EP.CrudModalDDD.Infra.CrossCutting.IoC.dll.config
D:\Users\Renato\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CrudDDDModalRxCustomRich\src\EP.CrudModalDDD.UI.Mvc\bin\EP.CrudModalDDD.Infra.CrossCutting.Logging.pdb
D:\Users\Renato\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CrudDDDModalRxCustomRich\src\EP.CrudModalDDD.UI.Mvc\bin\EP.CrudModalDDD.Infra.CrossCutting.Logging.dll.config
D:\Users\Renato\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CrudDDDModalRxCustomRich\src\EP.CrudModalDDD.UI.Mvc\bin\EP.CrudModalDDD.Infra.CrossCutting.MvcFilters.pdb
D:\Users\Renato\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CrudDDDModalRxCustomRich\src\EP.CrudModalDDD.UI.Mvc\bin\SharedKernel.pdb
D:\Users\Renato\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CrudDDDModalRxCustomRich\src\EP.CrudModalDDD.UI.Mvc\bin\EntityFramework.xml
D:\Users\Renato\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CrudDDDModalRxCustomRich\src\EP.CrudModalDDD.UI.Mvc\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
D:\Users\Renato\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CrudDDDModalRxCustomRich\src\EP.CrudModalDDD.UI.Mvc\bin\SimpleInjector.xml
D:\Users\Renato\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CrudDDDModalRxCustomRich\src\EP.CrudModalDDD.UI.Mvc\bin\SimpleInjector.Integration.Web.xml
D:\Users\Renato\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CrudDDDModalRxCustomRich\src\EP.CrudModalDDD.UI.Mvc\bin\SimpleInjector.Integration.Web.Mvc.xml
D:\Users\Renato\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CrudDDDModalRxCustomRich\src\EP.CrudModalDDD.UI.Mvc\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
D:\Users\Renato\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CrudDDDModalRxCustomRich\src\EP.CrudModalDDD.UI.Mvc\bin\System.Web.Http.xml
D:\Users\Renato\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CrudDDDModalRxCustomRich\src\EP.CrudModalDDD.UI.Mvc\bin\System.Web.Http.Owin.xml
D:\Users\Renato\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CrudDDDModalRxCustomRich\src\EP.CrudModalDDD.UI.Mvc\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
D:\Users\Renato\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CrudDDDModalRxCustomRich\src\EP.CrudModalDDD.UI.Mvc\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
D:\Users\Renato\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CrudDDDModalRxCustomRich\src\EP.CrudModalDDD.UI.Mvc\bin\System.Web.Optimization.xml
D:\Users\Renato\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CrudDDDModalRxCustomRich\src\EP.CrudModalDDD.UI.Mvc\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
D:\Users\Renato\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CrudDDDModalRxCustomRich\src\EP.CrudModalDDD.UI.Mvc\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
D:\Users\Renato\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CrudDDDModalRxCustomRich\src\EP.CrudModalDDD.UI.Mvc\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
D:\Users\Renato\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CrudDDDModalRxCustomRich\src\EP.CrudModalDDD.UI.Mvc\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
D:\Users\Renato\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CrudDDDModalRxCustomRich\src\EP.CrudModalDDD.UI.Mvc\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.pdb
D:\Users\Renato\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CrudDDDModalRxCustomRich\src\EP.CrudModalDDD.UI.Mvc\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
D:\Users\Renato\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CrudDDDModalRxCustomRich\src\EP.CrudModalDDD.UI.Mvc\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.xml
D:\Users\Renato\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CrudDDDModalRxCustomRich\src\EP.CrudModalDDD.UI.Mvc\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.xml
D:\Users\Renato\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CrudDDDModalRxCustomRich\src\EP.CrudModalDDD.UI.Mvc\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.xml
D:\Users\Renato\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CrudDDDModalRxCustomRich\src\EP.CrudModalDDD.UI.Mvc\bin\Microsoft.Owin.xml
D:\Users\Renato\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CrudDDDModalRxCustomRich\src\EP.CrudModalDDD.UI.Mvc\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.xml
D:\Users\Renato\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CrudDDDModalRxCustomRich\src\EP.CrudModalDDD.UI.Mvc\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.xml
D:\Users\Renato\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CrudDDDModalRxCustomRich\src\EP.CrudModalDDD.UI.Mvc\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Facebook.xml
D:\Users\Renato\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CrudDDDModalRxCustomRich\src\EP.CrudModalDDD.UI.Mvc\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.xml
D:\Users\Renato\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CrudDDDModalRxCustomRich\src\EP.CrudModalDDD.UI.Mvc\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.xml
D:\Users\Renato\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CrudDDDModalRxCustomRich\src\EP.CrudModalDDD.UI.Mvc\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Google.xml
D:\Users\Renato\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CrudDDDModalRxCustomRich\src\EP.CrudModalDDD.UI.Mvc\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Twitter.xml
D:\Users\Renato\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CrudDDDModalRxCustomRich\src\EP.CrudModalDDD.UI.Mvc\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.MicrosoftAccount.xml
D:\Users\Renato\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CrudDDDModalRxCustomRich\src\EP.CrudModalDDD.UI.Mvc\bin\EP.CrudModalDDD.Domain.pdb
D:\Users\Renato\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CrudDDDModalRxCustomRich\src\EP.CrudModalDDD.UI.Mvc\bin\AutoMapper.xml
D:\Users\Renato\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CrudDDDModalRxCustomRich\src\EP.CrudModalDDD.UI.Mvc\bin\EP.CrudModalDDD.Infra.Data.pdb
D:\Users\Renato\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CrudDDDModalRxCustomRich\src\EP.CrudModalDDD.UI.Mvc\bin\EP.CrudModalDDD.Infra.Data.dll.config
D:\Users\Renato\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CrudDDDModalRxCustomRich\src\EP.CrudModalDDD.UI.Mvc\bin\Dapper.pdb
D:\Users\Renato\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CrudDDDModalRxCustomRich\src\EP.CrudModalDDD.UI.Mvc\bin\Dapper.xml
D:\Users\Renato\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CrudDDDModalRxCustomRich\src\EP.CrudModalDDD.UI.Mvc\obj\Debug\EP.CrudModalDDD.UI.Mvc.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
D:\Users\Renato\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CrudDDDModalRxCustomRich\src\EP.CrudModalDDD.UI.Mvc\obj\Debug\EP.CrudModalDDD.UI.Mvc.csproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
D:\Users\Renato\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CrudDDDModalRxCustomRich\src\EP.CrudModalDDD.UI.Mvc\obj\Debug\EP.CrudModalDDD.UI.Mvc.dll
D:\Users\Renato\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CrudDDDModalRxCustomRich\src\EP.CrudModalDDD.UI.Mvc\obj\Debug\EP.CrudModalDDD.UI.Mvc.pdb
